If you want to study STEM and you want to study something humanities oriented
like music, then those opportunities are available. What I would
suggest is you should first figure out what type of job you want
to do, and then try to combine the classes that you're taking and
the job that you have into both of them. As an example, I wanted to
do computer science education. Therefore in my classes, I took computer
science as a major and education as a minor. I'm really glad I got
to see both of those parts of my undergraduate university. When I'm
doing computer science, it's very math oriented, science oriented,
lots of homework every night. The education part was very writing
intensive, talking and debating, and I like both of them. The reason
I chose those majors is because I knew what my future job was going
to be. So if your job is very technically oriented, then I suggest
that you stick with an engineering major and really focus hard at that.
But if that's not your cup of tea, kind of like me, then that's
when should try to focus, that's when you have the opportunity to do
both of them.